docs: updating major upgrade path (#4010)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/major-upgrade/upgrade-clusters/migrate-platform-apps/index.md

To successfully adapt your applications, you must have:

> -   A Konvoy 1.8.3 cluster that has already been [upgraded to DKP 2.1](/dkp/konvoy/2.1/major-version-upgrade/), with the `kommander` addon disabled in your cluster.yaml.

Author: Right - so, that was a needle I was trying to thread - when to address all versions - I'll add here now, though, that's a good catch.

Check for the following on your existing `cluster.yaml`:

- One or more of `spec.kubernetes.networking.noProxy`, `spec.kubernetes.networking.httpProxy` or `spec.kubernetes.networking.httpsProxy` is set in `ClusterConfiguration`.

>     - Enabled `gatekeeper` with custom `values` field in `ClusterConfiguration` in `cluster.yaml`.

Reviewer: is the leading tab intentional?

Author: Def not - thanks!

If none of the conditions apply to your cluster, then you can skip to next section.

> 1.  Because Kommander 2.0+ uses Flux to manage applications, we need to configure the Gatekeeper `mutatingwebhookconfigurations` (which is a cluster-scoped resource) such that it allows `dry-run` calls, which are required by the Flux kustomize controller to calculate the difference of a resource. In order to do this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Because Kommander 2.0+ uses Flux to manage applications, you must configure the Gatekeeper `mutatingwebhookconfigurations` (which is a cluster-scoped resource) to allow `dry-run` calls. They are required by the Flux kustomize controller to calculate the difference of a resource. To do this:
```

Author: updated

    If the patch fails because the above resource do not exist, you can ignore those errors.

> 3.  In the `ClusterConfiguration`, if you have set one or more of `noProxy`, `httpProxy`,or `httpsProxy` in `spec.kuberentes.networking` but these values differ from the `values` section of `gatekeeper` addon, then you need to update the Gatekeeper addon configuration to match these values. Look up this ConfigMap rendered from `spec.kubernetes.networking`:

Author: Ha!

        https-proxy: "<YOUR httpsProxy settings>"
    ```

    You need to copy the above configuration into the `Addon` resource of `gatekeeper`. Start by printing the current `values` section:

    ```bash
    kubectl get addon gatekeeper -nkubeaddons -o=jsonpath={.spec.chartReference.values}
    ```

>     This will print an output similar to the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This will print the following output:
```

      namespaceSelectorForProxy: {}
    ```

>     Copy the values from the `ConfigMap` into Gatekeeper `Addon` resource accordingly:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Copy the values from the `ConfigMap` into the Gatekeeper `Addon` resource accordingly:
```
